{"changed":true,"filter":false,"title":"README.md","tooltip":"/README.md","value":"# Miscellaneous Sole Trader\n# Interactive Frontend Development Milestone Project\nI have chosen to use my own idea to build a website for Miscellaneous Sole Trader as Interactive Frontend Development milestone project. Being owner of this business and having full control of business and resources will help me create well deserved website. Moreover, I have come to know by visiting some exhibition and local businesses that having own website is huge benifit as weel as there is whole lot of new horizon to be discovered with distributor and wholesaler all over the World.\n\nMy idea is to keep design simple using well known website template, which help user(s) or customer(s) naviagate through website easily with confident. Also I have kept in mind that having website full of content and loads of information on single page will make it look tawdry. My intention is to have simple yet information rich webpages with modern and attractive design.\n\n## Access my project on GitHub\n\nhttps://github.com/hidayatmansuri/Interactive_Frontend\n\nor Published version\n\nhttps://hidayatmansuri.github.io/\n\n## Technologies\n\n1. HTML\n2. CSS\n3. Javascript\n4. Bootstrap (4.3.1)\n5. Fontawesome\n6. Google Fonts\n7. Balsamiq Mockups 3\n8. Google Maps Javascript API\n9. emailjs\n\n## Library\n\n1. DC.js\n2. d3.js\n3. Crossfilter\n4. jQuery\n5. queue\n\n## UX\nThis project is for a business which is well established online retail trading on Amazon and eBay for a while. With this project it will help business to divert their Amazon and eBay customer to own website where they will be able to provide customer(s) with best customer service with more compatative and realistic price compare to other online marketplaces.\n\nTo manage this business will have interactive dashboard where all business sales will be converted into suitable charts and would be able to track all sales relatively. Also, on product page will have hidden descriptionwhich will only be display as and when customer required which will give product page nice and clean look. Website will have contact us form where customer can contact business with their Amazon and eBay query too.\n\n## User Stories\n\n### How to access Menu options?\nTo access Menu option, please click or tap on burger bar icon located on left top corner of the screen. Which will bring sliding Menu out from left.\n\n### How Charts on Dashboard will work?\nCharts on Dashboard are interactive, where charts on the begging of page is belongs to sale on Amazon for last 6 months. There are 3 ways to interact with charts.\n1. by selecting a month from combo box which, will display related data on Chart.\n2. Using brush-on function in 2nd Line-Chart will display related data on rest of 3 charts.\n3. Using brush-on function in Bar-Chart which, will display data on related interactive charts\n\nCharts on lower area of page are belongs to sale on eBay for last 4 months. There are 3 different ways to interact with these charts.\n1. by selecting a month from combo box which, will display related data on Chart.\n2. By using brush-on function on Bar-Chart, which will display related data on other charts.\n3. By tapping or clicking on either of Pie-Chart will interact with related charts to display data.\n\n### How would I find description of the product?\nUnder every product image there is product name, right next to product name there is “i” icon. On touchscreen devices customer have to tap on “i” icon or on non touch base devices will have to click-on for description to be appear, which will drop down under related product. Clicking or taping on same “i” icon will roll-up description.\n\n### How can I buy a product?\nClick or Tap on little “i” icon next to any product name, which will bring description down, where there will be link to related marketplace for customer to carry on their transaction to complete their purchase\n\n### How can I visit Instagram page?\nAll social media links are located inside sliding menu-bar. To access social media, please click or tap on burger icon located on left-top corner of screen. Which will bring Menu-Bar out from left, where there are social media links are displayed right at the end of service list.\n\n### How to get in touch, in-case if you have any query?\nIf you click or tap Burger-bar icon located on left top corner of the screen, which will bring Menu out. From that list, please click or tap on 'Contact Us' page. This will bring customr to a contact us page, where fill in required information and click 'send' button will send us your any question or query you have.\n\n### How to locate us on the map?\nFrom the home page, please tap or click on burger-bar icon located on top-left corner which will bring menu-bar out. From the list of menu, please click or tap on 'About Us' page where location information has been displayed right at the end of the page along with map and Company's Aim.\n\n### What is Return, Refund and Delivery Policy?\nTo access to Return, Refund and Delivery Policy for the company, please click or tap on burger bar icon located left top corner of the page, which will bring you list of menu(s) from left. from this list please click or tap on \"Delivery\" option.\n\n### Wireframe\nI have created wireframe for this project to have overview of this website, how it will look and where all option(s) will be located based on requirement. This wireframe can be found on following link:\n\nhttps://github.com/hidayatmansuri/Interactive_Frontend/blob/master/support/Wireframe_MST.bmpr\n\n## Features\nIn the modern days menu bar on larger screen devices embedded on right at the top of the page while for smaller screen device and for the same site menu bar become drop-down. That functionality is great but, if one customer navigating another customer on same website from different screen size devices will have difficulty as menu bar option(s) has been altered or located on different place(s). That is why on this project we have dicided to have same burger bar icon for all the devices located at same place with fix position, which means menu bar icon will be available at any point of website.\n\n### Demo for Menu\nMenu options will be highlighted with different colour icon depends on which page customer surfing on. Such as, if customer is on About Us page, icon of the About Us option in menu will be in dark pink colour.\n\nhttps://github.com/hidayatmansuri/hidayatmansuri.github.io/blob/master/images/Menu.gif\n\n### Demo for Product Page\nTo have clutter free website, I have embedded every product in button. People are used to with clicking on images for more information, I have linked every button with a Modal functionality from Bootstrap to provide customer with a message for buying options. For information or description about every product I have created Tooltip linked with ‘i’ icon next to product name.\n\nhttps://github.com/hidayatmansuri/hidayatmansuri.github.io/blob/master/images/Product.gif\n\n### Demo for Touch Functionality devices\nPreviously, I had same functionality with hover over on buttons, which was not compatible with touchscreen functionality devices.  To come over this issue I have decided to add little ‘i’ icon for description which is compatible for all types of devices.\n\nhttps://github.com/hidayatmansuri/hidayatmansuri.github.io/blob/master/images/TouchFunctionality.gif\n\n### Demo for Marketplaces and Social Media links\nI have activated all the links for marketplaces and social media. Links with marketplace will take customers to Amazon and eBay, where they can make payment and choose from more products. While with social media links will take customer to our social media pages for activities we carry out and can follow for future updates.\n\nhttps://github.com/hidayatmansuri/hidayatmansurigithub.io/blob/master/images/Footer.gif\n\n### Feature left to Implement\nI will be adding payment feature in future where customer can complete their order solely on website.\n\nContact Us form is in function but submitting form will refresh form rather than sending data. For full form functionality I need to gain knowledge.\n\n### Demo for Contact Us page\nhttps://github.com/hidayatmansuri/hidayatmansuri.github.io/blob/master/images/ContactUs.gif\n\nIn future there will home or landing page will be added too which will be linked to company logo.\n\n## Testing\nI have tested this project on number of devices (iPhone5, iPhoneX, HTC U12+, One Plus One, Pocophone, Samsung s20e, Samsung Tablet, iPad, Honor 7) as well as on desktop I have used majority of web browser (Google Chrome, Mozilla, Safari, IE10, Microsoft Edge, Opera, Vivaldi).\n\nSome of Android devices had issue with background image zooming in, which was sorted with media query.\n\nI preferred menu with transparent background for modern look, but that was not feasible for small devices where menu options were getting disappeared in content of website. To resolve this issue, I have created media query where any devices with under 1200 pixel will have background colour for menu options.\n\nAlso, floating menu icon was small round for minimal design, but it was barely visible on smaller devices which was pointed out by one of my friend while testing. To resolve this issue, I have decided to make menu icon bit bigger and brighter with well-known burger bar icon.\n\nFooter which is same for all pages have all the marketplace and social media links which are activated except Twitter which yet to be activated. All links are opening the relevant pages in new tab as required and will be highlighted as and when hover over in the desktop mode. For touch functionality device it requires tapping on.\n\nAbout US and Delivery pages are only containing information about company and services.\n\nContact Us page have required fields for customer to get in touch with company related to products or order(s). Within the form there are some mandatory fields which needs to be filled with required information before submitting or jumping on next field.\n\n### Demo for Contact Us page\nhttps://github.com/hidayatmansuri/hidayatmansuri.github.io/blob/master/images/ContactUs.gif\n\n## Deployment\nI have deployed this project on GitHub through AWS Cloud9 using its command base terminal functionality, where it resides under MilestoneProjectMST repositories.\n\nTo deploy this project on github using AWS cloud9 commands as follows:\n1.  git init - to get into github\n2.  git status - to find out all changes have been made within files\n3.  git add . - to add all amended files to hithub server\n4.  git commit -m - to commit all changes with reason\n5.  git push - to add all commited changes to github server which will be followed by username and password for particular account\n\nAlso, I have deployed this project using GitHub desktop application. Where application have created a folder in which all files related project should be stored. Any changes made on the files stored within this folder will be picked by application, which needs to be commit and push to GitHub. This project resides under hidayatmansuri.github.io repository\n\nTo deploy and publish this project using GitHub Desktop Appliaction, steps as follows:\n\n1.  Create a file using username followed by github.io\n2.  Select or create folder where you like to keep all the files for the project\n3.  Copy all the files to that newly created or selected folder\n4.  Any changed made within that folder will be picked up by application and will prompt user to commit\n5.  Once commited all the changes will prompt user with push notification which will push all the changes to related server\n\nBoth of these methods stored data on same place under my account but one is command base application while another one is desktop application.\n\n### Command base\n To upload or moving data using this method requires command\n\n### Desktop Application\nWith this method few clicks will upload and move your data on required place or server\n\n## Credits\n\n### Content\nAll the content on this website including images are all taken by me and have full authorization from my suppliers to use them on website or on any other marketplace. Background image is created by me with company logo.\n\n### Icons\nMost of the icons are from Fontawesome website which are free to use as well as I have provided script where necessary.\n\n### Tooltip\nTooltip functionality idea was inspired from Sonar Systems youtube video which can be found from following link\n\n(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yhkf5Dl0rug)\n\n### GIFs\nAll the GIFs for this project have been created using ScreenToGif software which is free to use.\n\nhttps://www.screentogif.com/\n\n### Wireframe\nWireframe created for this project was using 7 days trial period software\n\nhttps://wireframe.cc/pro/dashboard\n","undoManager":{"mark":99,"position":100,"stack":[[{"start":{"row":79,"column":341},"end":{"row":79,"column":342},"action":"insert","lines":["n"],"id":1970}],[{"start":{"row":79,"column":342},"end":{"row":79,"column":344},"action":"insert","lines":["()"],"id":1971}],[{"start":{"row":79,"column":343},"end":{"row":79,"column":344},"action":"insert","lines":["s"],"id":1972}],[{"start":{"row":79,"column":345},"end":{"row":79,"column":346},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1973},{"start":{"row":79,"column":346},"end":{"row":79,"column":347},"action":"insert","lines":["h"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":347},"end":{"row":79,"column":348},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":348},"end":{"row":79,"column":349},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]}],[{"start":{"row":79,"column":349},"end":{"row":79,"column":350},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1974},{"start":{"row":79,"column":350},"end":{"row":79,"column":351},"action":"insert","lines":["b"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":351},"end":{"row":79,"column":352},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":352},"end":{"row":79,"column":353},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":353},"end":{"row":79,"column":354},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]}],[{"start":{"row":79,"column":354},"end":{"row":79,"column":355},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1975}],[{"start":{"row":79,"column":330},"end":{"row":79,"column":331},"action":"remove","lines":["y"],"id":1976}],[{"start":{"row":79,"column":330},"end":{"row":79,"column":331},"action":"insert","lines":["u"],"id":1977}],[{"start":{"row":79,"column":355},"end":{"row":79,"column":356},"action":"insert","lines":["a"],"id":1978},{"start":{"row":79,"column":356},"end":{"row":79,"column":357},"action":"insert","lines":["l"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":357},"end":{"row":79,"column":358},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":358},"end":{"row":79,"column":359},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":359},"end":{"row":79,"column":360},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":360},"end":{"row":79,"column":361},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":361},"end":{"row":79,"column":362},"action":"insert","lines":["d"]}],[{"start":{"row":79,"column":362},"end":{"row":79,"column":363},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1979},{"start":{"row":79,"column":363},"end":{"row":79,"column":364},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":364},"end":{"row":79,"column":365},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]}],[{"start":{"row":79,"column":365},"end":{"row":79,"column":366},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1980},{"start":{"row":79,"column":366},"end":{"row":79,"column":367},"action":"insert","lines":["l"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":367},"end":{"row":79,"column":368},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":368},"end":{"row":79,"column":369},"action":"insert","lines":["c"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":369},"end":{"row":79,"column":370},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":370},"end":{"row":79,"column":371},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":371},"end":{"row":79,"column":372},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":372},"end":{"row":79,"column":373},"action":"insert","lines":["d"]}],[{"start":{"row":79,"column":373},"end":{"row":79,"column":374},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1981},{"start":{"row":79,"column":374},"end":{"row":79,"column":375},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":375},"end":{"row":79,"column":376},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]}],[{"start":{"row":79,"column":376},"end":{"row":79,"column":377},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1982}],[{"start":{"row":79,"column":377},"end":{"row":79,"column":378},"action":"insert","lines":["d"],"id":1983},{"start":{"row":79,"column":378},"end":{"row":79,"column":379},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":379},"end":{"row":79,"column":380},"action":"insert","lines":["f"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":380},"end":{"row":79,"column":381},"action":"insert","lines":["f"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":381},"end":{"row":79,"column":382},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":382},"end":{"row":79,"column":383},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":383},"end":{"row":79,"column":384},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":384},"end":{"row":79,"column":385},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":385},"end":{"row":79,"column":386},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]}],[{"start":{"row":79,"column":386},"end":{"row":79,"column":387},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1984},{"start":{"row":79,"column":387},"end":{"row":79,"column":388},"action":"insert","lines":["p"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":388},"end":{"row":79,"column":389},"action":"insert","lines":["l"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":389},"end":{"row":79,"column":390},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":390},"end":{"row":79,"column":391},"action":"insert","lines":["c"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":391},"end":{"row":79,"column":392},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":79,"column":392},"end":{"row":79,"column":394},"action":"insert","lines":["()"],"id":1985}],[{"start":{"row":79,"column":393},"end":{"row":79,"column":394},"action":"insert","lines":["s"],"id":1986}],[{"start":{"row":79,"column":395},"end":{"row":79,"column":396},"action":"insert","lines":["."],"id":1987}],[{"start":{"row":79,"column":396},"end":{"row":79,"column":397},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1988},{"start":{"row":79,"column":397},"end":{"row":79,"column":398},"action":"insert","lines":["T"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":398},"end":{"row":79,"column":399},"action":"insert","lines":["h"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":399},"end":{"row":79,"column":400},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":400},"end":{"row":79,"column":401},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]}],[{"start":{"row":79,"column":401},"end":{"row":79,"column":402},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1989},{"start":{"row":79,"column":402},"end":{"row":79,"column":403},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":403},"end":{"row":79,"column":404},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]}],[{"start":{"row":79,"column":404},"end":{"row":79,"column":405},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1990},{"start":{"row":79,"column":405},"end":{"row":79,"column":406},"action":"insert","lines":["w"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":406},"end":{"row":79,"column":407},"action":"insert","lines":["h"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":407},"end":{"row":79,"column":408},"action":"insert","lines":["y"]}],[{"start":{"row":79,"column":408},"end":{"row":79,"column":409},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1991},{"start":{"row":79,"column":409},"end":{"row":79,"column":410},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":410},"end":{"row":79,"column":411},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]}],[{"start":{"row":79,"column":411},"end":{"row":79,"column":412},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1992},{"start":{"row":79,"column":412},"end":{"row":79,"column":413},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":413},"end":{"row":79,"column":414},"action":"insert","lines":["h"]}],[{"start":{"row":79,"column":414},"end":{"row":79,"column":415},"action":"insert","lines":["i"],"id":1993},{"start":{"row":79,"column":415},"end":{"row":79,"column":416},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]}],[{"start":{"row":79,"column":416},"end":{"row":79,"column":417},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1994},{"start":{"row":79,"column":417},"end":{"row":79,"column":418},"action":"insert","lines":["p"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":418},"end":{"row":79,"column":419},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":419},"end":{"row":79,"column":420},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":420},"end":{"row":79,"column":421},"action":"insert","lines":["j"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":421},"end":{"row":79,"column":422},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":422},"end":{"row":79,"column":423},"action":"insert","lines":["c"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":423},"end":{"row":79,"column":424},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]}],[{"start":{"row":79,"column":424},"end":{"row":79,"column":425},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1995},{"start":{"row":79,"column":425},"end":{"row":79,"column":426},"action":"insert","lines":["w"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":426},"end":{"row":79,"column":427},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":79,"column":427},"end":{"row":79,"column":428},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1996},{"start":{"row":79,"column":428},"end":{"row":79,"column":429},"action":"insert","lines":["h"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":429},"end":{"row":79,"column":430},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":430},"end":{"row":79,"column":431},"action":"insert","lines":["v"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":431},"end":{"row":79,"column":432},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":79,"column":432},"end":{"row":79,"column":433},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1997},{"start":{"row":79,"column":433},"end":{"row":79,"column":434},"action":"insert","lines":["d"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":434},"end":{"row":79,"column":435},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":435},"end":{"row":79,"column":436},"action":"insert","lines":["c"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":436},"end":{"row":79,"column":437},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":437},"end":{"row":79,"column":438},"action":"insert","lines":["d"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":438},"end":{"row":79,"column":439},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":439},"end":{"row":79,"column":440},"action":"insert","lines":["d"]}],[{"start":{"row":79,"column":440},"end":{"row":79,"column":441},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1998},{"start":{"row":79,"column":441},"end":{"row":79,"column":442},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":442},"end":{"row":79,"column":443},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]}],[{"start":{"row":79,"column":443},"end":{"row":79,"column":444},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1999},{"start":{"row":79,"column":444},"end":{"row":79,"column":445},"action":"insert","lines":["h"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":445},"end":{"row":79,"column":446},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":446},"end":{"row":79,"column":447},"action":"insert","lines":["v"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":447},"end":{"row":79,"column":448},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":79,"column":448},"end":{"row":79,"column":449},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":2000},{"start":{"row":79,"column":449},"end":{"row":79,"column":450},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":450},"end":{"row":79,"column":451},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":451},"end":{"row":79,"column":452},"action":"insert","lines":["m"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":452},"end":{"row":79,"column":453},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":79,"column":453},"end":{"row":79,"column":454},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":2001},{"start":{"row":79,"column":454},"end":{"row":79,"column":455},"action":"insert","lines":["b"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":455},"end":{"row":79,"column":456},"action":"insert","lines":["u"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":456},"end":{"row":79,"column":457},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":457},"end":{"row":79,"column":458},"action":"insert","lines":["g"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":458},"end":{"row":79,"column":459},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":459},"end":{"row":79,"column":460},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]}],[{"start":{"row":79,"column":460},"end":{"row":79,"column":461},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":2002},{"start":{"row":79,"column":461},"end":{"row":79,"column":462},"action":"insert","lines":["b"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":462},"end":{"row":79,"column":463},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":463},"end":{"row":79,"column":464},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]}],[{"start":{"row":79,"column":464},"end":{"row":79,"column":465},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":2003},{"start":{"row":79,"column":465},"end":{"row":79,"column":466},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":466},"end":{"row":79,"column":467},"action":"insert","lines":["c"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":467},"end":{"row":79,"column":468},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":468},"end":{"row":79,"column":469},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]}],[{"start":{"row":79,"column":469},"end":{"row":79,"column":470},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":2004},{"start":{"row":79,"column":470},"end":{"row":79,"column":471},"action":"insert","lines":["f"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":471},"end":{"row":79,"column":472},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":472},"end":{"row":79,"column":473},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]}],[{"start":{"row":79,"column":473},"end":{"row":79,"column":474},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":2005},{"start":{"row":79,"column":474},"end":{"row":79,"column":475},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":475},"end":{"row":79,"column":476},"action":"insert","lines":["l"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":476},"end":{"row":79,"column":477},"action":"insert","lines":["l"]}],[{"start":{"row":79,"column":477},"end":{"row":79,"column":478},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":2006},{"start":{"row":79,"column":478},"end":{"row":79,"column":479},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":479},"end":{"row":79,"column":480},"action":"insert","lines":["h"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":480},"end":{"row":79,"column":481},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":79,"column":481},"end":{"row":79,"column":482},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":2007},{"start":{"row":79,"column":482},"end":{"row":79,"column":483},"action":"insert","lines":["d"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":483},"end":{"row":79,"column":484},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":484},"end":{"row":79,"column":485},"action":"insert","lines":["v"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":485},"end":{"row":79,"column":486},"action":"insert","lines":["c"]}],[{"start":{"row":79,"column":485},"end":{"row":79,"column":486},"action":"remove","lines":["c"],"id":2008}],[{"start":{"row":79,"column":485},"end":{"row":79,"column":486},"action":"insert","lines":["i"],"id":2009},{"start":{"row":79,"column":486},"end":{"row":79,"column":487},"action":"insert","lines":["c"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":487},"end":{"row":79,"column":488},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":488},"end":{"row":79,"column":489},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]}],[{"start":{"row":79,"column":489},"end":{"row":79,"column":490},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":2010},{"start":{"row":79,"column":490},"end":{"row":79,"column":491},"action":"insert","lines":["l"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":491},"end":{"row":79,"column":492},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":492},"end":{"row":79,"column":493},"action":"insert","lines":["c"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":493},"end":{"row":79,"column":494},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":494},"end":{"row":79,"column":495},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":495},"end":{"row":79,"column":496},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":496},"end":{"row":79,"column":497},"action":"insert","lines":["d"]}],[{"start":{"row":79,"column":497},"end":{"row":79,"column":498},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":2011},{"start":{"row":79,"column":498},"end":{"row":79,"column":499},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":499},"end":{"row":79,"column":500},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]}],[{"start":{"row":79,"column":500},"end":{"row":79,"column":501},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":2012},{"start":{"row":79,"column":501},"end":{"row":79,"column":502},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":502},"end":{"row":79,"column":503},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":503},"end":{"row":79,"column":504},"action":"insert","lines":["m"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":504},"end":{"row":79,"column":505},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":79,"column":505},"end":{"row":79,"column":506},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":2013},{"start":{"row":79,"column":506},"end":{"row":79,"column":507},"action":"insert","lines":["p"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":507},"end":{"row":79,"column":508},"action":"insert","lines":["l"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":508},"end":{"row":79,"column":509},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":509},"end":{"row":79,"column":510},"action":"insert","lines":["c"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":510},"end":{"row":79,"column":511},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":79,"column":511},"end":{"row":79,"column":512},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":2014},{"start":{"row":79,"column":512},"end":{"row":79,"column":513},"action":"insert","lines":["w"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":513},"end":{"row":79,"column":514},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":514},"end":{"row":79,"column":515},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":515},"end":{"row":79,"column":516},"action":"insert","lines":["h"]}],[{"start":{"row":79,"column":516},"end":{"row":79,"column":517},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":2015}],[{"start":{"row":79,"column":517},"end":{"row":79,"column":518},"action":"insert","lines":["f"],"id":2016},{"start":{"row":79,"column":518},"end":{"row":79,"column":519},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":519},"end":{"row":79,"column":520},"action":"insert","lines":["x"]}],[{"start":{"row":79,"column":520},"end":{"row":79,"column":521},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":2017}],[{"start":{"row":79,"column":521},"end":{"row":79,"column":522},"action":"insert","lines":["p"],"id":2018},{"start":{"row":79,"column":522},"end":{"row":79,"column":523},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":523},"end":{"row":79,"column":524},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":524},"end":{"row":79,"column":525},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":525},"end":{"row":79,"column":526},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":526},"end":{"row":79,"column":527},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":527},"end":{"row":79,"column":528},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":528},"end":{"row":79,"column":529},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]}],[{"start":{"row":79,"column":529},"end":{"row":79,"column":530},"action":"insert","lines":[","],"id":2019}],[{"start":{"row":79,"column":530},"end":{"row":79,"column":531},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":2020},{"start":{"row":79,"column":531},"end":{"row":79,"column":532},"action":"insert","lines":["w"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":532},"end":{"row":79,"column":533},"action":"insert","lines":["h"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":533},"end":{"row":79,"column":534},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":534},"end":{"row":79,"column":535},"action":"insert","lines":["c"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":535},"end":{"row":79,"column":536},"action":"insert","lines":["h"]}],[{"start":{"row":79,"column":536},"end":{"row":79,"column":537},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":2021},{"start":{"row":79,"column":537},"end":{"row":79,"column":538},"action":"insert","lines":["m"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":538},"end":{"row":79,"column":539},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":539},"end":{"row":79,"column":540},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":540},"end":{"row":79,"column":541},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":541},"end":{"row":79,"column":542},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]}],[{"start":{"row":79,"column":542},"end":{"row":79,"column":543},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":2022}],[{"start":{"row":79,"column":542},"end":{"row":79,"column":543},"action":"remove","lines":[" "],"id":2023},{"start":{"row":79,"column":541},"end":{"row":79,"column":542},"action":"remove","lines":["n"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":540},"end":{"row":79,"column":541},"action":"remove","lines":["s"]}],[{"start":{"row":79,"column":540},"end":{"row":79,"column":541},"action":"insert","lines":["n"],"id":2024},{"start":{"row":79,"column":541},"end":{"row":79,"column":542},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]}],[{"start":{"row":79,"column":542},"end":{"row":79,"column":543},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":2025},{"start":{"row":79,"column":543},"end":{"row":79,"column":544},"action":"insert","lines":["m"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":544},"end":{"row":79,"column":545},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":545},"end":{"row":79,"column":546},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":546},"end":{"row":79,"column":547},"action":"insert","lines":["u"]}],[{"start":{"row":79,"column":547},"end":{"row":79,"column":548},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":2026},{"start":{"row":79,"column":548},"end":{"row":79,"column":549},"action":"insert","lines":["b"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":549},"end":{"row":79,"column":550},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":550},"end":{"row":79,"column":551},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]}],[{"start":{"row":79,"column":551},"end":{"row":79,"column":552},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":2027},{"start":{"row":79,"column":552},"end":{"row":79,"column":553},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":553},"end":{"row":79,"column":554},"action":"insert","lines":["c"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":554},"end":{"row":79,"column":555},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":555},"end":{"row":79,"column":556},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]}],[{"start":{"row":79,"column":556},"end":{"row":79,"column":557},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":2028},{"start":{"row":79,"column":557},"end":{"row":79,"column":558},"action":"insert","lines":["w"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":558},"end":{"row":79,"column":559},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":559},"end":{"row":79,"column":560},"action":"insert","lines":["l"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":560},"end":{"row":79,"column":561},"action":"insert","lines":["l"]}],[{"start":{"row":79,"column":561},"end":{"row":79,"column":562},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":2029},{"start":{"row":79,"column":562},"end":{"row":79,"column":563},"action":"insert","lines":["b"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":563},"end":{"row":79,"column":564},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":79,"column":564},"end":{"row":79,"column":565},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":2030},{"start":{"row":79,"column":565},"end":{"row":79,"column":566},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":566},"end":{"row":79,"column":567},"action":"insert","lines":["v"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":567},"end":{"row":79,"column":568},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":568},"end":{"row":79,"column":569},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":569},"end":{"row":79,"column":570},"action":"insert","lines":["l"]}],[{"start":{"row":79,"column":570},"end":{"row":79,"column":571},"action":"insert","lines":["a"],"id":2031},{"start":{"row":79,"column":571},"end":{"row":79,"column":572},"action":"insert","lines":["b"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":572},"end":{"row":79,"column":573},"action":"insert","lines":["l"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":573},"end":{"row":79,"column":574},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":79,"column":574},"end":{"row":79,"column":575},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":2032},{"start":{"row":79,"column":575},"end":{"row":79,"column":576},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":576},"end":{"row":79,"column":577},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]}],[{"start":{"row":79,"column":577},"end":{"row":79,"column":578},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":2033},{"start":{"row":79,"column":578},"end":{"row":79,"column":579},"action":"insert","lines":["p"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":579},"end":{"row":79,"column":580},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":580},"end":{"row":79,"column":581},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]}],[{"start":{"row":79,"column":581},"end":{"row":79,"column":582},"action":"insert","lines":["n"],"id":2034},{"start":{"row":79,"column":582},"end":{"row":79,"column":583},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]}],[{"start":{"row":79,"column":583},"end":{"row":79,"column":584},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":2035},{"start":{"row":79,"column":584},"end":{"row":79,"column":585},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":585},"end":{"row":79,"column":586},"action":"insert","lines":["f"]}],[{"start":{"row":79,"column":586},"end":{"row":79,"column":587},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":2036},{"start":{"row":79,"column":587},"end":{"row":79,"column":588},"action":"insert","lines":["w"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":588},"end":{"row":79,"column":589},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":589},"end":{"row":79,"column":590},"action":"insert","lines":["b"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":590},"end":{"row":79,"column":591},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":591},"end":{"row":79,"column":592},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":592},"end":{"row":79,"column":593},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":593},"end":{"row":79,"column":594},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":79,"column":594},"end":{"row":79,"column":595},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":2037}],[{"start":{"row":79,"column":578},"end":{"row":79,"column":579},"action":"insert","lines":["a"],"id":2038},{"start":{"row":79,"column":579},"end":{"row":79,"column":580},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]},{"start":{"row":79,"column":580},"end":{"row":79,"column":581},"action":"insert","lines":["y"]}],[{"start":{"row":79,"column":581},"end":{"row":79,"column":582},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":2039}],[{"start":{"row":79,"column":598},"end":{"row":79,"column":599},"action":"remove","lines":[" "],"id":2040}],[{"start":{"row":79,"column":598},"end":{"row":79,"column":599},"action":"insert","lines":["."],"id":2041}],[{"start":{"row":81,"column":65},"end":{"row":81,"column":66},"action":"insert","lines":["i"],"id":2042},{"start":{"row":81,"column":66},"end":{"row":81,"column":67},"action":"insert","lines":["c"]},{"start":{"row":81,"column":67},"end":{"row":81,"column":68},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":81,"column":68},"end":{"row":81,"column":69},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]}],[{"start":{"row":81,"column":69},"end":{"row":81,"column":70},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":2043}],[{"start":{"row":81,"column":155},"end":{"row":81,"column":156},"action":"insert","lines":["i"],"id":2044},{"start":{"row":81,"column":156},"end":{"row":81,"column":157},"action":"insert","lines":["c"]},{"start":{"row":81,"column":157},"end":{"row":81,"column":158},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":81,"column":158},"end":{"row":81,"column":159},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]}],[{"start":{"row":81,"column":159},"end":{"row":81,"column":160},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":2045}],[{"start":{"row":81,"column":160},"end":{"row":81,"column":161},"action":"insert","lines":["o"],"id":2046},{"start":{"row":81,"column":161},"end":{"row":81,"column":162},"action":"insert","lines":["f"]}],[{"start":{"row":81,"column":162},"end":{"row":81,"column":163},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":2047},{"start":{"row":81,"column":163},"end":{"row":81,"column":164},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":81,"column":164},"end":{"row":81,"column":165},"action":"insert","lines":["h"]},{"start":{"row":81,"column":165},"end":{"row":81,"column":166},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":81,"column":166},"end":{"row":81,"column":167},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":2048}],[{"start":{"row":81,"column":202},"end":{"row":81,"column":208},"action":"remove","lines":["orange"],"id":2049},{"start":{"row":81,"column":202},"end":{"row":81,"column":203},"action":"insert","lines":["d"]},{"start":{"row":81,"column":203},"end":{"row":81,"column":204},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":81,"column":204},"end":{"row":81,"column":205},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":81,"column":205},"end":{"row":81,"column":206},"action":"insert","lines":["k"]}],[{"start":{"row":81,"column":206},"end":{"row":81,"column":207},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":2050},{"start":{"row":81,"column":207},"end":{"row":81,"column":208},"action":"insert","lines":["p"]},{"start":{"row":81,"column":208},"end":{"row":81,"column":209},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":81,"column":209},"end":{"row":81,"column":210},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]},{"start":{"row":81,"column":210},"end":{"row":81,"column":211},"action":"insert","lines":["k"]}],[{"start":{"row":83,"column":0},"end":{"row":83,"column":17},"action":"remove","lines":["### Demo for Menu"],"id":2051}],[{"start":{"row":82,"column":0},"end":{"row":83,"column":0},"action":"remove","lines":["",""],"id":2052}],[{"start":{"row":81,"column":0},"end":{"row":82,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":2053}],[{"start":{"row":81,"column":0},"end":{"row":81,"column":17},"action":"insert","lines":["### Demo for Menu"],"id":2054}],[{"start":{"row":82,"column":10},"end":{"row":82,"column":11},"action":"remove","lines":["m"],"id":2055},{"start":{"row":82,"column":9},"end":{"row":82,"column":10},"action":"remove","lines":[" "]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":8},"end":{"row":82,"column":9},"action":"remove","lines":[","]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":7},"end":{"row":82,"column":8},"action":"remove","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":6},"end":{"row":82,"column":7},"action":"remove","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":5},"end":{"row":82,"column":6},"action":"remove","lines":["v"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":4},"end":{"row":82,"column":5},"action":"remove","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":3},"end":{"row":82,"column":4},"action":"remove","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":2},"end":{"row":82,"column":3},"action":"remove","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":82,"column":1},"end":{"row":82,"column":2},"action":"remove","lines":["o"]}],[{"start":{"row":82,"column":0},"end":{"row":82,"column":1},"action":"remove","lines":["M"],"id":2056}],[{"start":{"row":82,"column":0},"end":{"row":82,"column":1},"action":"insert","lines":["M"],"id":2057}],[{"start":{"row":88,"column":0},"end":{"row":88,"column":25},"action":"remove","lines":["### Demo for Product Page"],"id":2058}],[{"start":{"row":87,"column":0},"end":{"row":88,"column":0},"action":"remove","lines":["",""],"id":2059}],[{"start":{"row":86,"column":0},"end":{"row":87,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":2060}],[{"start":{"row":86,"column":0},"end":{"row":86,"column":25},"action":"insert","lines":["### Demo for Product Page"],"id":2061}],[{"start":{"row":93,"column":0},"end":{"row":93,"column":40},"action":"remove","lines":["### Demo for Touch Functionality devices"],"id":2062}],[{"start":{"row":92,"column":0},"end":{"row":93,"column":0},"action":"remove","lines":["",""],"id":2063}],[{"start":{"row":91,"column":0},"end":{"row":92,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":2064}],[{"start":{"row":91,"column":0},"end":{"row":91,"column":40},"action":"insert","lines":["### Demo for Touch Functionality devices"],"id":2065}],[{"start":{"row":98,"column":0},"end":{"row":98,"column":48},"action":"remove","lines":["### Demo for Marketplaces and Social Media links"],"id":2066}],[{"start":{"row":97,"column":0},"end":{"row":98,"column":0},"action":"remove","lines":["",""],"id":2067}],[{"start":{"row":96,"column":0},"end":{"row":97,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":2068}],[{"start":{"row":96,"column":0},"end":{"row":96,"column":48},"action":"insert","lines":["### Demo for Marketplaces and Social Media links"],"id":2069}],[{"start":{"row":99,"column":48},"end":{"row":99,"column":49},"action":"remove","lines":["."],"id":2070}]]},"ace":{"folds":[],"scrolltop":883.5,"scrollleft":0,"selection":{"start":{"row":99,"column":48},"end":{"row":99,"column":48},"isBackwards":false},"options":{"guessTabSize":true,"useWrapMode":false,"wrapToView":true},"firstLineState":{"row":63,"state":"allowBlock","mode":"ace/mode/markdown"}},"timestamp":1576352785221}